I was telling him to say it, he should have put Bobby on when he was on his when it was
at his house in November of 2021, not in 2023, 14 months later, he should have had the courage
to speak out when he knew what he didn't.
That's the point we're noticing, numerous times over the past month is means nothing
now means nothing.
He knew in 2020, he knew in 2021 for sure.
Mike Vandenberg, next date, Mike Vandenberg, next date.
Good evening ladies and gentlemen, this is King of Home Biological, High Resistance Low
Noise Information Brief brought to you by a biologist, it's the 6th of October, 2023.
We are still battling this very limited spectrum of bait, which was basically sculpted by and
crafted by people like Brett Weinstein, who at the beginning of the pandemic made it seem
very possible that the worst case scenario could happen.
He made it very possible to believe that Vandenas could save you, he made it very possible
to believe that locking down and staying away from your grandparents was a great idea.
Brett Weinstein perpetuated the narrative for at least the first two years of the pandemic
which created a perception of this sort of consensus that yeah, it's dangerous.
Yeah, there's a virus, you've got to do something and in doing so, he misled the young.
In doing so, they've all misled the young and that's why we should be pissed.
Because this necessity as a plea, this necessity as an excuse for every infringement of human
freedom, it's the argument of tyrants and it's the creed of slaves, you need to learn
your history before they erase it forever.
I really believe that the Rick Wall at the back of the theater is visible and they are
clearing the tables and chairs because that has become no longer profitable to maintain
this illusion of freedom and so you can see it, I can see it, how are we going and what
are we going to do about the fact that there was no spread in New York City, about the
fact that they keep lying about infectious clones, about the fact that they keep lying
about placebo batches and giving the Nobel Prize for transfection.
Let's get going biological, very happy to be here tonight, thank you for joining me.
Good evening, my name is Jonathan Cooley, I am the biologist that brings you this show
as often as possible almost nightly now for quite some time, we are trying to fight this
idea that the illusion of consensus that is created by TV and social media is now starting
to bait us to hate each other, it's starting to bait us to behave ever more ridiculously
and we need to wake up and apologize to our kids for not seeing through this much earlier
and for falling for this mystery that we all have to solve and I hope that you and your
friends are starting to realize that that's really the trick that they pulled on us and
it's a way of governing us, this is the strategy by which the American government and Western
governments have decided to govern their societies is with a complex web of coordinated lies
and it could very well be that they have completely exaggerated the biological significance
of this event with the express written consent of permanently changing what our kids perceive
to be true and once they've changed what our kids perceive to be true, we're done and that's
something you really need to understand is the reason why I'm mad at Brett Weinstein and Sam
Harris and all these other people who have taken part in laying down the worst case scenario
narrative at the beginning of the pandemic, the conformist narrative at the beginning of the pandemic,
the Jordan Peterson, we should just shut up and take the shot, let's wait six months and see what
happens kind of thing, let's let the Jews get on the train and then we'll check on them in a few
months and see if they're okay. Now you might be a little offended by that last statement but
one of my good friends is someone who has the authority to speak that way and she assures me
that that analogy is apt here. You can't wear the uniform for 20 years and then take it off now
and claim everything is good and you can't have said all of the things that these people said
that the dark web said at the beginning of the pandemic and in the year up to the pandemic
and then just say now you're a good guy. There's no way that you woke up this late
on accident. There's no way you were this on narrative in the first year on accident.
No, there's only one way to explain that and that's really where the heart of this
is right now. We're trying to sort out moving the people on this map that are interesting
because right now the faith is very simple. Well the faith is that there's a novel virus we had to
do something the mRNA saved between 13 and 16 million lives and there's most certainly a virus
coming again because gain of function hasn't been did we haven't done anything about it and because
of the acceleration of our molecular biological techniques it sooner or later is going to be easy
enough to order a kid online and make a coronavirus pandemic in your kitchen. Maybe it'll even be a
high school science project de attenuated pandemic virus poster.
And the way to sort through these people that are parading around as leaders is to scrutinize
their take on the vaccination schedule in America scrutinize their take on the
the CICP on the VICP on the PrEP Act on the difference between the vaccine schedule in
America and in other countries and on the FDA and the CDC because if they're at all
mealy mouth or at all apologetic then you know right away you can see right through them if
they're have the courage to say the transfection is an immunization you might have a real ally
on your hands and if they have the courage to actually admit that it's very possible that all
intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the
immune system is just plain ridiculous then you really might have an ally on your hands.
Now don't get me wrong I'm very well aware that our friend Robert F Kennedy Jr. has never or at
least seems to avoid saying on screen that he thinks that the vaccine schedule in America is bad
and that people shouldn't take vaccines he's very careful to say he wants the schedule tested
he's pro vaccine and that he just wants safe vaccines.
Now if you see him as a lawyer and you see him as a politician and you see him as something other
than a biologist and perhaps it's easy to understand but I have every intention of influencing him
to if at all possible through direct and indirect influences I guess it can only be
indirect at this point because I work for who I work for but I want him to be here I want him to
be where Peter McCullough is and I want him to openly say it before he gets elected not after
but maybe that's not in the cards maybe the only way to the White House is to appease those
sleepers out there who will not have the time or the courage to to figure this out even if
we throw them a lifeline they're not going to grab on tight enough and Bobby may have the right
play here but I want you to understand that Peter McCullough has flipped that around already
and of course we've been paying a lot of attention to Robert Malone and the people that he points
to and the people that he ignores and more importantly we've gone back to early emergent
Robert Malone in 2021 and seen some very curious patterns with regard to who he performs with
and it wasn't the local news in Virginia it wasn't the let's say typical podcaster
we've also had a recent visit by Denny and Peter on the show and although I botched the time it was
a really good interview if you missed it check it out please I did a stream this past couple days
about Philip Buckholtz who's a guy who I believe he testified in front of the South Carolina Senate
about the contents of the mRNA shots and the fact that they had this plasmid contamination
and he spoke very authoritatively and I have no doubt that he found the DNA that he did
he's also intimately involved with testing for coronavirus using PCR early in the pandemic
and is a well in that in that chat or talk he is a self-proclaimed expert but he is an expert
I mean you can see that he's got he's got chops obviously he's much more of an expert than I am
but rather than having any discussion at all he made a pretty weak statement about PCR
which was simply that you know incompetent hands PCR is very accurate and so this is the kind of
shell game that they keep playing and so he blocks me instead of explaining what he meant by that or
addressing the fact that they didn't use nested primers or they addressed the fact that
that their primers that they did choose wouldn't be specific for one coronavirus we're not going
to talk anything about that we're just going to tell the whole world that everybody who doubts
PCR is completely wrong because in competent hands PCR is highly specific
cars don't hurt people because in competent hands cars are amazing
kitchen knives don't hurt people because in competent hands they make great food
I mean even even deer hunting rifles don't hurt people in competent hands they they set the table
so it's a very disingenuous argument but it was used on Twitter as kind of a dunk and then also
when I called him out on that he blocked me no discussion no rebuttal just block very similar
just block very similar to Kevin McCurnan very similar to George Webb very similar to
Robin Martinotti all the people who for whatever reason
aren't interested in finding out how not certain they should be but instead just want to wield this
false certainty as a clungent and it's unfortunate because this is how this illusion of consensus
is created it's created by people who came out very early and were very certain about certain
things think about how odd it is that some random Russian living in Canada was one of the first
people to publish a blog on medium a relatively new web platform about the fear and cleavage site
and so while medium was a pretty struggling platform before the pandemic it's become quite
a strong little thing and more importantly Yuri Dagan made his debut about the fear and cleavage
site very early in 2020 even though he's into I don't know youth genetics or something like that
another person who came out very early about the fear and cleavage site was James Lyons Weiler a
guy who wrote a an autism book with Sky Horse Publishing and it should be right there but I don't
see it right now and I always never recognize the back cover of it it's there but I don't see it
however we'll get it now and James Lyons Weiler also wrote a blog in February of 2020 where he
had already identified the fear and cleavage site as a signal that the virus could be dangerous
now I was very impressed and I remained very impressed with these two guys finding that
identifying that attribute of the early sequence when it was first released
because neither of them is virologists neither of them has any previous evidence in their CV before
2020 of being particularly good at using a blast or working with genetic sequences and scanning them
for fear and cleavage sites or enzyme sites so it's rather curious that both of them happened
upon it almost in the same week and yeah it's strange but remember that this illusion of consensus
was in my humble opinion started at the very very beginning once the plan was was to be executed
the plan included the seeding of these two distinct narratives which is a narrative of
a natural virus escaping from a wet market spreading around the world and a lab leak
happening in the same city you know somewhere between 300 yards and three miles away whatever
the right distance is maybe it's 10 miles away but the point is is the geographic location of
this giant wet market with alien species in it and the five different coronavirus potential
coronavirus laboratories that were there including the the BSL4 lab which really wouldn't have been
used for coronavirus anyway which is kind of like a a red herring as well
where we were set up from the very beginning for that argument to occur for that cover up to be
argued about for it to be used by both sides really because China also used it
and that illusion of consensus of this dangerous novel virus circulating the world
and causing this this excess mortality over there that that's the illusion and that's the
faith that nobody will question up until that the other thing that they won't question of course
is the effectiveness of the mRNA the need to do it and the fact that beside the despite the fact
that we rushed it despite the fact that it had all this contaminants in it it's been surprisingly
safe that's going to be the argument that they're always going to make even after we get to the
point where they admit that there's extra DNA in there because they rushed it and they used this
horrible bacterial culture recombinant DNA method
they're still going to point to the
posity quote unquote of of adverse events and say that well yeah I guess we did and then that makes
it even better the record we have right because that's not going to make them turn around and
acknowledge the adverse events that they're already ignoring that they're already in denial of
the DNA in there is not going to convince anybody to suddenly say oh there's is real now
oh I get it and I think that's part of the trick that nobody is really seeing on our side
we can fight for this DNA being in there all we want
but that's not fighting for the fact that people were killed by remdesivir it's not fighting for
the fact that people were killed by opiates and then rolled into this as excess deaths
that that's not keeping track of the fact of who killed who when and why those people died
that's actually keeping our eyes completely off the ball and focused on this crap
because now what are we arguing about again we're arguing about well
this group of people over here thinks that almost nobody has any adverse effects from the shots at all
this group over here thinks that a bunch of people were hurt by the shot and continue to be
hurt by the shot and this group over here says there's a bunch of DNA in it so what are we really
changing even if we convince these people that there was DNA in it we're not even starting
to try to convince them that the that the adverse events that we were already aware of are real
because they don't think they are so i i don't think a lot of people see how we're really
struggling inside of this plastic bag still we're not getting out we're inhaling it
we're sucking in on a plastic bag right now we are not getting out of this
if we're going to argue about the DNA because then what we're not talking about
goes farther and farther and deeper and deeper into the cave
and we keep wandering around following different flashlights
and the hole to the sky was already right there it's just dark now
it's dark now because everybody started to be quiet the the illusion of consensus
for a time has been broken the illusion of consensus that we make fun of here with this
so i'm going to escape from here and we'll come back to that later
i got two videos for you to watch with me tonight the first one is really exciting because
Josh Getsko was on was on Dr. Campbell's show that nurse Campbell guy talking about process one and process two of the Pfizer vaccine production and how the trials were done with
with small batch
small batch what was i calling it a craft brew beer and the large batch was done with miller light
and so we we already knew this of course but now they're coming out with this as if it's a new story
as if we didn't already know this is how they did it but it's nice that we're doing that
and it's nice that Josh is getting some attention because he was of course on our show
at least once you might remember him and i think he was on the show for bears but i don't remember
what we talked about the second time if he was on a second time to take out any impurities after
that PCR process was used again to create the template where then they you know they they use
that to generate the mRNA in process two they use a different method to generate it started over
so uh the Vax is super safe and effective and all that stuff John Campbell's got some here's some
some concerning information about the the Vax that you didn't know
get this did you know that there's two different batches there was the batches they tested
and there's the batches they gave you and they weren't formulated the same did you know that
watch this so you're you're an academic Josh at a Hebrew university but basically you've got
links with the states as well though and um you've been studying some pretty interesting things
and the first one we wanted to talk about is the um the different processes that we used in the
production of the Pfizer vaccine now there seems to be process one and process two and this has
got particular processes we used in the trials just give us a bit of background on that Josh if
you don't mind please okay yeah sure so the key point here is that in the clinical trial that Pfizer
BioNTech ran on their covid vaccine they used uh vaccine doses that were made with one manufacturing
process what you referred to as process one but what was given to the public after the trial
was not the same type of doses instead they used a different manufacturing process an upscale
manufacturing process they call process two and that was what everybody received when they got
vaccinated and now now the question for what's the difference between these two processes does it
matter and and it probably does matter a lot a lot and I can walk you through some of the evidence
of why we think it matters but just to give you sort of the general background and I don't know all
of the technical details of this I know enough to kind of understand it but we all have learned
about pieces so what do you need to do to make an mRNA vaccine you need to create you need to
generate mRNA how do you do that well mRNA is like a copy of a part part of a strand of DNA so you
need DNA as sort of your backbone template that you can then create mRNA off of that DNA okay
so where do you get that DNA from well you can with the process one they were basically using
a PCR process to duplicate DNA right that's what they do with with PCR they want to check do you
have any of any of this remnant of DNA in your nose that we can say was you know covid was
SARS-CoV-2 or whatever right so they replicated right that's the whole idea behind the PCR
and it's relatively clean to do it that way and they were also used to your you know
who does make my that's what they do with with PCR they want to check do you have any any of this
remnant of DNA in your nose that we see you're not going to have a remnant of DNA you're going
to have a remnant of RNA because there's no DNA involved in a coronavirus infection but I think
that's just a slip up and just a mistake when you get tested by a PCR for a coronavirus you are
tested for the RNA because the RNA is first exposed to reverse transcriptase that's why it's called
RT-PCR reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction so in order to generate the DNA
that's used to detect or sampled to detect the coronavirus you use reverse transcriptase to
convert all the RNA of the sample or a lot of it into DNA and then you probe that DNA
so reverse transcriptase is intimately involved in the PCR test for a coronavirus all the time
said clear I hope that's very clear that enzymatic step is singular so if you miss the coronavirus
in that enzymatic step then you you'll never find it and if you find one molecule of something
that overlaps with your primers in that in that reverse transcriptase reaction then you will find
so it's not like you're you're immediately sampling the swab when it comes out your first
making DNA from the swabs RNA then you're doing PCR reverse transcriptase PCR
you can say was you know covid was SARS-CoV-2 or whatever right so they replicated right that's
the whole idea behind the PCR and it's relatively clean to do it that way and they were also using
a very very high quality system using these magnetic these sort of magnetic beads to take out any
impurities after that PCR process was used again to create the template where then they you know
they use that to generate the mRNA in process two they use a different method to generate the
DNA backbone okay where they basically have a DNA template that they put into this thing called a
plasmid which is part of a bacteria okay and so when the bacteria where the plasmids can duplicate
and then the bacteria also duplicates and it turns out to be a far more cost-effective
scalable way you know you can just have the instead of like having to put in a PCR machine
you just have these big bats of I don't know actually how big they are but you know you have
these bats of bacteria growing and they can replicate very very quickly and then you basically you
take the plasmids and you you take their DNA and you make it they make it linear instead of like
wrapped up and then they use that to to generate the mRNA but after that point what they need to do
is they have the plasmid DNA and they have the bacteria still in that goo and they need to clean
that out and purify it okay so he's yeah I think he's getting the sequence a little bit wrong you
got to take the you're going to lice the bacteria which means you're going to break the bacteria open
you're going to extract the circular plasmid DNA from the bacteria then you're going to use
enzymes to cut that plasmid into the piece that you want and I believe you will separate that out
first before you start making your RNA and it's the separation of the spike DNA that you want to
transcribe into RNA that you have to separate from the DNA that was part of the of the plasmid which
allowed it to efficiently be replicated by the bacteria which includes this SV40 promoter series
and etc so you're separating two pieces of DNA from one another I believe because otherwise if
you turn the whole thing into RNA first then you'd also have RNA for the SV40 that you would need to
separate from the RNA of the spike and that would be crazy I can't that's that's got to be wrong
so first you're going to take the plasmid you're going to cut your piece of interest out
and then the trick is you have to separate the piece of interest from all of this stuff which was
necessary to be there in order for the plasmid to efficiently replicate in the bacteria
and so it's that separation that can't go very well because it's DNA from DNA and it's different
weights and so it's never going to be perfect I guess but I could be wrong I'm happy to be
corrected if somebody in the chat wants to correct me that's fine that's where they seem to have
done a terrible job oh and I don't know if you've been following any of the revelations that are
coming out where more and more researchers around the world are replicating this finding
that there are high levels of this plasmid DNA remnants in the vials of the Pfizer vaccine that
have been tested in addition to that we know from Pfizer's own documents that they've submitted to
various regulatory agencies that there's there's some residual lipopolysaccharide the otherwise known
as endotoxin this is the membrane so what is the bacteria that they use for you know duplicating
this is E. coli bacteria and which is a type of bacteria that's known as gram-negative bacteria
and the membranes of gram-negative bacteria are highly inflammatory they're called endotoxin for
a reason and so there are higher levels of this endotoxin in the process to vials and again this
is based on what we know from Pfizer's own filings to the regulator. I just see if I've got this right
so far Joshua we just run this past you so the process one they synthesize the DNA
I assume synthesize it in the right bases in the right order and then they multiply the amount
of DNA with a PCR process now I'm not a forensic specialist but I think we probably do this in
in forensics where there's a tiny amount of DNA found at a crime scene for example or in an
archaeological specimen which is a fascinating field and they're able to multiply up the amount
of DNA so they've got enough to sort of be able to recognize it so they use this duplication process
and that PCR process it's the same as you used in testing where you duplicate the amount of RNA
that's present and of course there's a debate about that and how much it should be duplicated
and whether that can give rise to false positive results of course but leaving that aside so that
here the increase the amount of DNA you use that DNA to make the RNA so the DNA is the code to make
the RNA so it's DNA makes RNA makes proteins that is the way it goes in biology and that's trial
process one but trial process two sounds a bit more like making beer to me and so you can hear
right that the process one versus process two process one can still have spike DNA in it
it just won't have the the promoter series and this other things that are the the antibody
biotic resistance cassette that would be present in the plasmid DNA used in the bacterial culture
version of the grow-up but it could still have spike DNA and that's very likely just because
again for the same reasons it's hard for them to separate these completely even if they digested
them then there's going to be fragments of spike DNA in the original shot and so yeah but there
won't be the the possibility of there being any bacterial components which there is of course
in process two or batch two or whatever they're calling it um you uh you push it put it all in
some big vat instead of using yeast they use bacterium e coli bacteria we believe
oh we know we know we know a lot about their manufacturing method and a lot of it came through
the ema data breach uh other other writings about it there's publications we we know
that's good so the process to you kind of make a batch now a plasmid is basically a way for
transferring genetic material from one bacterium to another as far as i understand it i think
that's right yeah yeah so so the use in this kind of way the DNA is in the plasmid
and uh that means you've got bacterial components there as well and we don't want
DNA from the plasmid and we don't want other things like like like bits of cell membrane
left over right um i would imagine if you gave if you did have cell membrane in any injection
we're not saying the cell membrane in this but if you did have gamma negative cell cell membrane
in the injection that will make you feel pretty rough for a period of time it could and it's
toxic about that later how that might be linked to some of the some of the uh adverse events that
came up and have been um you know so they're saying that this is so he's just said
that there's correct me if i'm wrong what i'm hearing is that he said that the battery totally
different processes for me he also said that the bacterial components could also contribute to
adverse events so here we go almost throwing another oh we are we're throwing another possibility
log on the fire and that's fine i'm not i don't have anything i don't have any problem with that
i just don't want anybody to get the idea that all of these these things can be corrected because
at the end of the day you're still left with transfection the best possible lipid nanoparticle
transfection with the best uniform lipid nanoparticle size the best uniform lipid nanoparticle
concentration of RNA the best purity of RNA transcript the best purity with the least amount of
any contamination would still result in the expression of a foreign protein throughout
your body and anywhere it does that you will be challenging your immune system to clear that
protein by killing your own cells without causing autoimmunity and that is not a game of Russian
roulette that you can play forever it's just not and anybody who's gotten away with four or five shots
you know maybe they got lucky and got a placebo maybe they got lucky and it hasn't manifested
itself yet maybe they got lucky some other way but i think statistically speaking this is just
gonna it's gonna be overwhelming at some point my neighbor right now is is has been in bed for
a couple days and she's apparently as sick as she's ever been in her life thank goodness they
didn't vaccinate their children but they are vaccinated and they are worried because they
tested it it's covid and she's isolating in the whole nine yards but it's never dawned on them
that why doesn't anybody else in their house get sick with this extremely dangerous virus
is it really possible that the isolation in the bedroom is sufficient
i thought the fear and cleavage site made it the most infectious virus in the history of mankind
and yet somehow if you just close the door and everything's good
and people are are very sick i don't know why they are very sick but they apparently are very
sick and none of them not one of them is interested in questioning the possibility that maybe the
last injected medication designed to augment my immune system has made my my immune system worse
has made my immune system prone to overreaction has made my immune system vulnerable
all three of those don't even have to be mutually exclusive it could be additive
it's not the contaminants ladies and gentlemen although it could be in addition to
but it would be very much like saying you know those multicolored sprinkles on your
on your on your five scoop ice cream sunday with a shell of chocolate on it
those multicolored sprinkles have some pretty bad coloration in them
you know blue red and i'm sorry red five and and and four blue those are really toxic
those are really toxic colors you shouldn't eat those
but you go ahead and keep eating three scoops of ice cream with chocolate all over them but
that was that that artificial colors man those are real bad
no the the bad habit is the the eating ice cream three times a day the bad habit is having a
pack of cigarettes the the bad idea is transfecting yourself now if the
transfection also turns out to have crap in it well yeah it's even worse
if your cigarette turns out to have mold in it yeah that's even worse if your cigarette has
has formaldehyde in it yeah that's even worse
if the heroin you bought on the street is also contaminated with something yeah that's
even worse and if you took a transfection and it's got some bacterial
cell wall in it or it's got some bacterial plasmid and that's even worse
but that's the way you need to think about it it's even worse
this isn't why this makes it even worse
Jimmy Dorr if you're watching this show this isn't why there are there are
adverse events this makes it worse
king the vaccine the one that they tested and then the one that they gave you yeah
it's not the same yeah and the way we know this is from Pfizer's own data yeah
and now he's just said that this is being linked to adverse events yeah and it seems that they're
doing this other way because it's more expedient it's cheaper yeah even though it's going to have
more adverse effect if their bottom line goes up and it's just quicker cheaper and they can do it
that way I mean that's what I'm I think well insinuating I think that's what he's saying yeah
but of course the FDA said it's like these guys aren't aware that in the original Pfizer
trial 20 people died in the treated group and only 14 died in the untreated group
as that the vaccine is safe and effective Kurt and it will keep you from being hospitalized sick
or deaf and it's fantastic it's super safe so let's listen well he has a little bit more to say now
he's talking about how it's connected to adverse events written up in the mainstream academic
press that we didn't see hardly at all in the trials so we can talk about that later indeed
now have I got that summary roughly right Josh is that that summary exactly right and okay
before we get past this I want to make this point very clear is that yeah when you're when
you're making a biological medical product or biologic the process is crucial in fact some with
some people say the process is the product because you're dealing with these very complex
you know the process is the product is actually a very pertinent statement here because as Peter
McCullough so aptly pointed out in his appearance on my stream when he was discussing with Denny
Rancour and we were talking about briefly at the end about the Nobel Prize it's ridiculous for anyone
to claim that they invented this mRNA technology because in order to produce
the transfection product which a lot of people are lackadaisically calling a vaccine
in order to produce the transfection product thousands of patented processes ideas devices
solutions algorithms were involved in the production of these transfection products
and so it's really ridiculous to claim that well you know pseudo-uridine was the idea
or codon optimization was the idea because again it's not it was pseudo-uridine is what they said
was the idea and that's what gave them the Nobel Prize but that's not what enabled the production
of a billion doses and that was really what what Peter was trying to say and maybe alluding
to the fact that really we needed to pay attention to what we really claimed to have done
which is make billions of doses of a previously non-existing product that contains lipid nanoparticles
of a particular size and an RNA of a particular claimed purity and if that's really not what they
did that's not what they manufactured or they took shortcuts that they knew
would lead to something that was not that then maybe we have some ground to stand on
chemical interactions large molecules i'll give you an example have you ever heard of the cutter
incident no based on the cutter incident and this there was a book written by one of the you
know high priest effect how can he not know about the cutter incident that's really weird
wow
john camel doesn't know about the cutter incident wow
technology in the u.s. paul off it on this topic but what happened the cutter incident happened
with the original polio vaccines in the 1950s so jones salt you know created this polio vaccine
they ran a trial on about two million children it was very successful and so then they turned it
over to a few different labs and they said okay now we need to make a bunch of this stuff
but they didn't provide them with the precise directions on how to exactly replicate
salt's process can you believe that so i know kurt brought this up on the show originally
that's how i first found out about this the first batches of the polio vaccine
not good so go ahead so what happened in the cutter laboratory they were making vaccines that
had live polio virus and when they injected them into kids they got polio there were over 200,000
kids who got a short-lived polio a few hundred who got permanent polio and a few if you could
actually die this is not conspiracy theory this is not anti-vax mythology you know this is this
is accepted history and one of the key lessons that was learned from that is yeah the guy in the
blue shirt is being interviewed by john campbell and and jimmy dor is showing the interview of
john campbell's youtube video on his youtube show so this is actually like some kind of multi-dimensional
stream because i'm streaming somebody who's streaming someone else's youtube video and so
i'm watching someone else watch someone else's youtube video and if you can't handle that and you
need i'm just teasing i was going to say something tough i'm just teasing you but that's what's
happening that's why you're confused and you're dealing with something complicated like a
vaccine a biological drug you need to be very precise about the method and once you change the
method you change the product and you can't just assume that it's going to have the same effect
on people so you need to do another uh clinical trial on your new product it's not the same product
now we've talked about this many times on stream i'd just like to remind you that the analogy that
i've used a few times that you might remember with a ding is um the idea that your grandma or in my
case my wife makes the most fantastic apple pie with just the hint of lemon the crust is great
everything is magnificent but if you just decided okay let's make 10 000 of those it's not as simple
as saying okay let's make 10 000 of those you can't just make them one by one you're going to scale
things up and you can imagine that very quickly my wife or whoever is going to take the recipe
from my wife is going to have a problem on their hands understanding how to translate this small
scale small batch boutique pie that can go wrong occasionally into something that we can make at
scale the way that you buy the ingredients the way that you mix them how do you mix them how do you
get the pies out where do you go with them how do you package them how do you store them how do you
get them around the country is all very different then come over to my house and have a pie it's
very different than come to my lab and i'll make you nanograms of RNA and we can test it out
and that we have talked about many times even Vincent racking yellows talked about that but he's
talked about it in a very wow isn't that crazy that they went from nanograms to kilograms
nanograms to kilograms is is closer to one apple pie to 500 000 apple pies
think about that i mean 10 000 pies already sounded quite absurd but we're talking about going from
real craft brewery you know like like a barista contest and you know i was about to show you
something dumb there a barista contest and you know here's your cup of coffee sir
i taste the beans are from south america and you've triple done whatever bing bang boom with the
with mushrooms and stuff wow this is the best cup of coffee i've ever had
now let's go open a a franchise in in in 30 cities next week
it doesn't work and so now that is a problem
love watch that just watch out because what that suggests is is that wait so if my doctor
has a little RNA machine then he could make RNA for me and it would be better if we just made
smaller batches it would be better you mean we could make it even safer than it was because
the tv said it was safe i don't know anybody that's really hurt i just can't breathe anymore and
i get sick a lot but i'm not hurt by i mean you see where this goes you see how enticing it is
to think again mystery solved they rushed it mystery solved it's the dna mystery solved it's
the endotoxin careful ladies and gentlemen be careful so that's what will end it so i don't
know how much i'm allowed to say but i'm just going to show what john campbells showed
next one is uh quite fun it's 30 minutes i'm going to speed it up a little bit but i won't speed
it up very much because there is an accent in the show so let's see here i think i'm going to enjoy
this i haven't watched it but i'm excited it's more scooby-doo business
it's also on a balance for me can you imagine internet platforms like google search twitter and
google translate being used to unravel the mystery behind the origins of sasco v2 a crack team of
data scientists mathematicians engineers and biologists did exactly that to amass evidence
that has now compelled the world to set up and take notice of the hypothesis that sasco v2
the virus that causes covid-19 is this too fast or is it okay she's she's already pretty fast but
it'll be all right i think 19 may have emerged from a lab in china the team calls itself drastic
it is an informal amalgam of experts and researchers from across the world who painstakingly pieced
together various strands of data your mouse ready that lab origin of the virus is a plausible
watch my whole family is going to be on discoveries made by drastic a significant
in unraveling the mystery behind the origins of sasco v2 my whole family is going to be on indian
television holy crap
more than 20 researchers there it is oh my gosh look it's my whole family on indian television
oh dear goodness what was i thinking investigating covid-19 what a dumb twitter handle picture
that's not right but steam members had been researching the origins of covid-19
okay maybe they had been researching the origins so this is yuri dagan this is the
the russian living in canada who published with rosza ro rosana sogretto
um and they published a paper about the fear and cleavage site this is mona and her husband who
published the paper about the moyang mine and the fact that ratg 13 the virus which
shengli she reported as being the closest relative to sars covid-19 and their database
was actually also previously published as a virus with the number 491 i believe rs 491
bat corona virus rs 491 and then this is a french researcher who actually is the one that
tucker carlson said had found a drastic and again i would argue that he joined around the
same time that charles rixie joined maybe before charles rixie but not much before
and so was definitely not part of the original drastic team at all and so that's that should
be kept clear before they joined the group then they started working with each other informally
luigi was part of the original group and there's the real one that's the guy who started it all
right billy boston and so there's yuri there's rosana is his co-author andre guffinette is a
md from belgium and he actually reviewed a couple of the papers that i also reviewed i think he
reviewed mona's paper with me and he also reviewed yuri's paper with me um let's see day
was some guy i think who lives in australia and he's got a lot of seems like he's got a lot of
knowledge about about the sequences the seeker is the guy who found the phd thesis and the master's
thesis in chinese about the minors that got sick and luan um yeah so there's a few people to mention
see where we go here after joining there's me again down there he's drastic they worked as a
team sharpening each other's insights and connecting the dots to demystify so luigi warn is a guy who
did um a postdoc with not steven ben cell but the other guy with the funny glasses um and so luigi
warn was actually also involved in the sort of figuring out that sudo yuridine worked here i'm
not really sure what else he did but he definitely was involved in some of the research um at a
crucial time since of covid-19 this website hosts the research work of these twitter detectives
on the origins of covid-19 but these researchers are not the only contributors of this uh i believe
that this website was actually really just started about a month or so after charles rixie joined
and a month or so after antonio i think joined francisco was very early in coronavirus movie was
very early in kevin mck h was very early in um kevin mck h is a really interesting fella that i
you know i could talk about but then i'd probably get killed on the origins of covid-19 but these
researchers are not the only contributors of drastic many of its members prefer to operate
anonymously some of the drastic team members like india based scientists so prefer to operate
anonymously was one of the reasons why i didn't like working with them and i was certainly very
upset when they kind of basically asked me to leave because i wanted to talk about the
transfection but then i asked ever after asking me to leave they kept me in the group kind of
sort of i'm still on their web page etc but when you click on that web page i could never get
billy to put any links to my channels on there or to my twitter on there which is really strange
right i guess my twitter probably was linked but i couldn't get him to link to my youtube or to my
review or to to my twitch and at one point i was told that that's because the person that ran
that website was actually in empt in tie land and they couldn't get in touch with them right now
but as soon as we get in touch with them we'll put all your links up and they're not up
so this is mona i think she's pretty good person at least in so far as what she's done she's pushed
this you know idea that the coronavirus sequences like this were found in a bat cave and it was a
cave that they've been interested ever since they found it ever since these three guys got sick
and died apparently couple dr monali rahalkar and dr rahul bahulikar have been vocal about their
findings in this article published on thirteenth june 2021 in an india based news magazine the week
the scientists duo from pune described their discoveries that can help in clearing the haze
around the origins of the virus they write that as a scientific couple they were intrigued by the
virus and started an online expedition at the end of march 2020 the journey led them to discover
the link between a copper mine in china at the nearest relative of sars kovitu
i rahul my husband we started this uh investigation or searching for kovit 19 origins
last year uh we came across several papers and the two of them actually said that the kovit 19
was uh you know having a zoonotic origin these papers were published in lancet and nature
medicine but we were not completely convinced by these papers reading some more papers we found
that there was a very interesting one published uh from north carotina university
which talked about chimeric karuna viruses so we thought that oh okay such things can also happen
and this paper was written by vinik menachari or the first author and you will be very interested
to know that uh she's angry the um bat woman or the uh center for uh uh emerging diseases head had
also co-authored this paper the scientist couple further write about china's foremost coronavirus
institute housing one of the world's largest elections of bat samples and bat virus trains
the vuhan institute of virology and its lead researcher she zengli who was among the first
to identify horseshoe bats as national reservoirs for sars kov the virus that sparked an outbreak
in 2002 they refer to this article in us based magazine scientific american published on eleventh
march 2020 carrying statements by she zengli referring to a 2012 incident the article reads
she's team had been called in to investigate the virus profile of her mind shaft in unence
mountain and smuji and county the six miners suffered from pneumonia like diseases and to
died after sampling the cave for one year the researchers discovered a diverse group of coronaviruses
in six bat species in many cases multiple viral strains had infected a single animal
turning it into a flying factory for new viruses the article for this a flying factory defined
by multiple positive PCR tests flying factory that's it nothing more multiple s proteins multiple
and proteins meant a flying factory that's it that's all they could find PCR that's it said
the genomic sequence of the virus eventually named sars kov 2 was 96 percent identical to
that of a coronavirus the researchers had identified in horseshoe bats in uni and of course 96 percent
identical means that the vast majority of identified t cell epitopes are identical to previous coronaviruses
related to it from years ago that's significant because it kind of tells you how much coronavirus
really changes and how much of the coronavirus genome is either stagnant or unknown or undescribed
or assumed but you can't have it both ways
significantly the article did not specify the name of the 2012 virus the indian scientific couple
referred to another article published in nature on third february 2020 and co-authored by she zengli
which mentions that rat g13 found a new non-probins was 96.2 percent similar and the closest relative
of sars kov 2 but this is what she zengli did not disclose to readers of scientific american
and nature she zengli the bad woman did not reveal that this rat g13 had an older name and this
older name was uh bt kov 491 we found this in a pre-print by a doctor dean benston and it was
available on the internet in april 2021 uh this was the second law which we uh found uh in scientific
she zengli was also talking about this mojang mine shop which uh where there was an incident uh
where uh two of the six miners had died in a pneumonia like illness but she had not revealed
that uh she got the rat g13 from this mine not to confirm that this particular mine was the same
we were searching for again and on uh there was a paper in the very famous journal science
which confirmed that uh they had also written about this incident and this confirmed that
this was the same mine the mine shop in mojang uh where three miners had died due to a pneumonia
like illness and uh the mine was the same where rat g13 sample was picked up by she zengli
coincidentally at least three other researchers reached the same conclusions independently
around the same time
us based scientist and entrepreneur hugi baron ockland based engineer and data scientist
gels demenov and russian canadian biotype entrepreneur eury diggin all of whom were among
the founding members of drastic later in this article public see later this is not right i
think it's really weird um i feel like this is out of order but maybe i'm wrong so i'm not
gonna commit to it yet but they definitely found the phd and master's thesis when drastic
was already formed and i'm pretty sure they also figured out rat g13 when drastic was already
formed so i feel like this narrative is wrong but i don't know
in an american online publishing platform medium on 22nd april 2020 you reported out
yes on 22nd april 2020 if that's his first one
i don't think that though she knew about rat g13 she only disclosed it in january 2020
when i wrote the medium article in april i was already kind of suspicious at whether the ritg
sample was collected from the same spot as this four nine and one fragment they were both listed
as coming from unan four nine one was uh more detailed coming from the small jiang mine and
ritg 13 is actually was very broadly described as coming from the puer city autonomous region
and so that raised suspicion because you know the genomic fragment match hundred percent
and this was also noticed by my co-author rasana segretta independently even back in
pink march and so we put kind of the two and two together and we realized that you know
a hundred percent match for the fragment so independently two people in canada came to the
conclusion that these two viruses were the same like really how would they have done that without
already being in the same group together as the people who discovered that the mine was the same
you see they're kind of portraying it as though mona figured it out separate from yuri figured it
out separate from luigi but luigi is actually tweeting i believe knowing that yuri and mona
are working on this like we're all working on it it's a really weird sort of rewrite of the story
that so many different people figured it out together independently and then came together as
drastic because that's not what happened it's weird and all of the details of collection being
very similar most likely means that you know rpg 13 comes from it's basically the full g
it fact it's starting to become very clear in my head why they would say this because then drastic
doesn't mean anything then drastic wasn't this operation to set up a group of people to go out
and scream lab leak but i know for a fact it was and it united a bunch of people with the same
suspicions and then the fire was then thrown into that group in the form of phd theses and
you know sequences and you know these kind of clues and oh yeah what do you think and whatever
this is a rewrite what this is is trying to make it seem like all kinds of people around the world
were figuring out the same thing at the same time and that's what brought them together
when in reality a bunch of skeptics were brought into a group me being one of them
Dan Saratkin the crazy man being one of them Yuri Degan being one of them Luigi Warren who
knew all about the RNA being one of them and brought into a group that could then be used to create what
the illusion of consensus and i think they actually thought that they could influence me not to talk
about the transfection by making an illusion of consensus that these people all agreed that it
was most important absolutely the most important thing to figure out was where did this virus come
from so much so that i had a member of drastic come to my house in Pittsburgh to make sure that
i understood that where this virus came from was the most important mystery to solve and that
leaked documents could lead us right to the person we needed to unmask or the people we needed to put
in jail somebody made the virus and that making of the virus allowed it to go around the world
like magic and he thinks that he's on to the molecular clue that allowed the virus to go around
the world like magic you know of the 491 fragment that was published in 2016 an enigmatic person
from eastern India who calls himself seeker and prefers to stay anonymous helped both Monalia
and Yuri connect the dots between Ratji one three i agree Catherine but i think Catherine at that
time they really thought that i was in i was under their control i was under their control i was
doing what they were encouraging me to do i was saying the things that they wanted me to say
on my bike so yeah he did lead you to me and people were promoting me at that time and then
suddenly not anymore around the time when i tried to get in touch with Alina Chan about her paper
as things started to go south about the time i started talking about natural immunity being the
only way out that that if the vaccine worked at all we would want to save it for the people who
need it maybe but we certainly wouldn't want to give it to everybody because that doesn't really
make biological sense but you know i didn't even know that there were papers and mechanisms to
describe that yet i was just talking off my gut or ra 491 found in mochiang mine in chanas yunan
and sas kowi too the seekers email said that actually he had found a master thesis published
from china and he also sent us a link to the master thesis this thesis talked about the pneumonia
cases which had happened to this particular minors in the mochiang my shop so it was a very
detailed account of the illness what happened to the minors which had gone to clean up the mind
now what happened to these people so these people started experiencing a fever cough and later on
that cough turned into pneumonia china or chinese doctors could have thought that this could be
related to sas and therefore they they consulted dr zong nanshan now dr zong nanshan is known as
the sas doctor of china and he has also provided very important inputs in covid-19 so zong nanshan
remotely consulted these cases and he described this particular patients pneumonia to be of the
viral origin so the minors pneumonia resemble covid-19 in all different senses and in our paper we
have purely compared that in contrast to that she's angry mentioned in her interview with
scientific american that the minors have contracted a fungal disease and this was there were no
reasons given by her and so this case becomes even more suspicious in this article in medium
geeelstemonov points to conclusions in a master thesis under the guidance of sas expert dr zong
nanshan dr zong was consulted by the kunming hospital after the second minor died and had
got the two remaining patients and the two recovered ones to be tested again for sas antibodies
the vohan institute of virology handled these tests which all turned out positive while the
master thesis concludes that the unknown virus that led to cevia pneumonia could be the sas
like coronavirus from the chinese rufus horseshoe bat or another bat's sas like coronavirus
it also juxtaposes this conflicting opinion of she's angry geeelse writes that it's odd that
a 2016 phd thesis under the guidance of gaufu china's cdc head concluded that the cause of the
2012 outbreak was not yet clear totally ignoring the opinion and diagnosis of dr zong nanshan
also ignoring the four sas antibodies test done at the vohan institute of virology that all turned
out positive besides ignoring the fact that the wiv did indeed follow the lead of dr zong nanshan
and went sampling bats in that very cave in 2030 when our drastic member the seeker found the
thesis the master's thesis from the mojiang mine it essentially confirmed that yes the
four nine one is the same as rpg 13 because it was collected after the miners got started like
pneumonia and the wohan institute of virology was actually invited to investigate both the
miners and then the cave later where they sampled several viruses from the bats so that confirmed
our suspicions and eventually the wohan institute virology was you know forced to admit that yes
this is the same virus same sample which for some reason they renamed from originally four nine one
to rpg 13 and that was a very suspicious thing to do because they never mentioned in their paper
how they came across rpg 13 in the 2020 paper they just you know very short sentence mentioning
that oh we matched you know small fragment but they didn't say what kind of fragment it was
and then they made a hint that they sequenced rpg 13 fully only after they noticed the fragment
which is very odd because also we discovered later that they sequenced rpg 13 and 2018
basically when they uploaded the sequencing data to jin bank we noticed that it said
year of sequencing 2017 and 2018 one of our drastic members Francisco diocese noticed this
and then also we confronted the wohan institute were all jasking when exactly the sequenced rpg 13
genome and they were forced to again admit that they actually sequenced it much earlier they sequenced
it in 2018 some plastic people were able to actually show that effectively rpg 13 was nothing else
that another virus was the same virus under a different name which was four nine nine one
and that's four nine nine one was the name of the virus in the description of the accident
of the miners in moshank so when drastic people found the story of the moshank mine
they found it by four nine nine one and it took a lot of time to actually be able to say well
actually four nine nine one from the moshank mine is the rpg 13 that she generally is talking about
so people are suspecting that the change of name may be a way to try to actually
hide the link to the mine it's not very clear but some people find it quite suspect
the scientific couple from Pune and Yuri Dagan then independently drew an important link
between batwoman she's angry his controversial research work in the wohan institute of biology
and a possible lab origin of sars kovita no sorry it's two years ago
has denied the fact that they had a sars coronavirus to before the pandemic it is an
intriguing fact that they had this rpg 13 from the beginning now they were doing various
experiments which created primary virus is rachi 13 is 96.2 percent related to sars kovita
so there is a possibility that this particular virus rachi 13 was either not what i wanted
or a synthetic model my main my main reason for showing this video was because i wanted to show
you what you can do here to find out how bad it is
so i am looking at the wrong search here
hey everybody how's it going i hope that gosh i love him um hey let's see i want to do a dark
course Yuri
would you be surprised to know would you be surprised to know that in in 2020 Yuri Dagan
a member of drastic
was on the dark horse podcast in june 2020 june of 2020
before i even knew who the hell bread wine steam was
hey folks welcome to the dark horse podcast i have with me Yuri Dagan
who is in moscow he is a tech entrepreneur and longevity researcher who has recently
come to my attention as someone who has done extensive work looking into the origins of the
sars kovita pandemic and i was very impressed when i read his paper on medium i talked about it
previously on the podcast with heather and so many of you have seen his work what you may or may not
know is that especially this week that work has shown up in a number of mainstream publications
as a a strong bit of research pointing in the direction of at least not shutting down the
laboratory origin hypothesis for the virus well what's even worse is if you do this and you realize
that bread wine steam is actually most likely an orchestrated phenomenon
let's just take a look at this really quick to make you aware that this is out there and then
you can do your own research you can watch your own videos i'll put this in here in the chatty chat
as well let's just check this one out
that's the that is the end of the liberal arts college that is the end of liberal arts college
right there all right uh so
i hope you're ready oh wow that the man at the center of the controversy
she said milk coffee please yes milk cream testing testing
look at his face well if you can really yeah how about that the man at the center of the controversy
she said milk right now yes
go hey hey oh oh he says he's not going to go hey hey oh oh he's going to want to hear a goddamn thing
you have to say you can't tell my mother you shut the fuck up he's the white bass father they never
didn't even be holding him and him and all these people accountable we don't really do it all please
i want to thank the council for the incredible plan you have put together please let's all give
him a round of applause
so is there a beginning to the story and all kind of sort of
um the beginning of the story is that evergreen
was the most experimental of experimental i'm going to interrupt him for just one second
i'm going to go back to the guy who asked this question right here the dude can you see my arrow
that guy right there that guy is a group a part of a group of three
the college professors who have been submitting gender studies papers that were fake
and getting them accepted into big journals to prove that gender studies was a disaster
and what you see here is him and his two colleagues who are involved in this
gender studies debunking exercise two of which are putting their faculty positions on the line to
do it telling Brett Weinstein story and putting Brett Weinstein in front of them as a as a figure
head or a leader even though they've been busy trying to break this weird fake university whole
entire departments that are fake trying to break that mythology for a while
now we put Brett in front of all of them and all of their work even though in this
documentary they will talk about the work that these other people have done Brett is the star
and that's questionable to the point of why are you'll see later why are there so many good
recordings the ones we have seen so far weren't that good but they'll get better
is there a beginning to the story and all kind of sort of um the beginning of the story
is that evergreen was the most experimental of experimental how do i describe this place
i find evergreen is i was told that it's a place where a lot of people use drugs
i can be comfortable for who i am like psychedelic drugs he's very outdoorsy so it gives you that
ah fresh filling you know i like that an evergreen student is looking for something that
isn't as common in the educational structure in america they are searching for more independence
for cadence in life
it was a place that survived long after the era of the founding of experimental colleges was over
the core elements of it were a couple things one was
the literal total freedom of faculty to teach what they want in whatever manner they want
so long the students showed up to the classes um it was founded by washington state governor
daniel evins the best friend of bill gates senior in case you're unaware um it's an interesting
college with an interesting history 16 credits a quarter sometimes 48 quarters
an entire year so you'd be with one group of students 25 if you're teaching alone 50 if you're
teaching someone else for 16 hours a week on field trips 24 seven the entire year you're
just developing community it was actually an extraordinary place to be and to learn
about the brains of other human beings and also to develop theory which is part of what we were
doing there so we didn't want anything to start to go around actual theory about what to go
awry but we don't exactly know i thought they taught evolution a new president george bridges
was hired hey welcome we are going to have a great year ahead at first he hired a friend of his to
interview a great many students faculty alumni staff in order to get the lay of the land and
evergreen being as far left to college as exists in the country was chronically suspicious the
faculty were of administrators right anything administration wanted to do the faculty would
if anything they were biased in favor of discussing it more than necessary and not letting anything
pass because um basically it was labor versus management and everybody's mind the job this
president who was clearly out to do something had in front of him was how am i getting
how am i going to convince this very left with faculty to not only look the other way while i
make radical changes to the college but actually embrace my bloat of administration and my tearing
down of the evergreen model how can i do that i can do it by embracing equity we have three major
goals for today's forum the first is to continue to learn about the perceptions and
experiences of our students faculty and staff of color the second is to create and establish a
series of i don't think she broke her neck with that one and the third is to inspire every member
of the evergreen community as we move ahead to advance diversity here on our campus
i'd like to read a list of core tenets developed by a group of anti-racist educators who was
who were on a panel at the race and pedagogy conference in Tacoma last year here are the
tenants racism exists today in both traditional and modern forms racism is an institutionalized
multi-layered multi-level system that distributes unequal power and resources between white people
and people of color as socially identified and disproportionately benefits whites all members
of society are so socialized to participate in the system of racism albeit within varied
social locations all white people benefit from racism regardless of intentions no one chose to
be socialized into racism so no one is quote unquote bad but no one is neutral to not act against
racism is to support racism racism must be continually identified analyzed and challenged no one is ever
done the question is not did racism take place but rather how did racism manifest in that situation
the racial status quo is comfortable for most whites therefore anything that maintains white
comfort is suspect the racially oppressed have a more intimate insight via experiential knowledge
of the system of race and then their racial oppressors however white professors will be seen
as having more legitimacy thus positionality must be intentionally engaged resistance is a
predictable reaction to anti-racist education and must be explicitly and strategically addressed
wow good how many pages there are i believe these core tenants can be a guide for our work moving
they are core ten actions to educate our health not tenants ten and our students ten tenants
we galvanize white privilege in the form of curriculum exulting tenants yeah tenants not
tenants literature theory and scientific thinking or so we don't examine how those canons are made
i believe we are capable of unlearning the habits of mind that perpetuate white privilege
what i am uncertain of is our collective will to examine those habits
this i believe i believe evergreen can create a more vibrant community this i believe
i racist activists this i believe he said is that any different than saying this i believe is
like bret does that vaccines are the greatest invention of mankind in medicine this i believe
it's in a university but look what we're seeing here look at the production of this
this is a documentary that is not meant to show these people in a bad light it's giving them
an opportunity to say exactly what they wanted to say with a great recording
in both of my ears with no noise
breath's not explaining it one of these other people isn't explaining it so that we
understand explicitly how dumb it is from the moment we say it but instead we're allowing them
to say it at their own pace and their own cadence
so don't see this movie as a expose on what they did to Brett Weinstein see it as a message
and Brett Weinstein is the messenger and the message the part of the message is being
co-opted is the message of the people that actually made this movie that thought that they were
going to elevate their own cause a fight against gender studies and that kind of nonsense academia
they were going to elevate their own cause by elevating the cause of Brett Weinstein when instead
what happened was basically their entire movement was co-opted on our staff and faculty and among
our students if we break our 45 year pattern of occasionally turning toward these issues
briefly with deep but short run commitment that fades yes a boat anchor exactly it's like a boat
a words of action disappearing into the background as we return to business as usual
breaking this cycle will take sustained and stubborn
going a little short color critical and audacious goal of eliminating racism and violence in our
world i believe we're all privileged to engage in that work in a learning community that wants
to be better and i believe we have the will to do so thank you for coming today an imaginary
community i don't know if i saw an imaginary there was a faculty meeting with an unusual
agenda the agenda involved the faculty voting to require our union to insert into our contract
a provision in which every faculty member would reflect on their own growth relative to their
personal racism each and every year in their self evaluation there is something preposterous
about this idea these other these other we all have this internal racism these other two people
have been asked to personally reflect on our own internal racism every year i still would have
been troubled by the fact of the assumption that it was present but nonetheless it would
not have posed the danger in the institutional context of here could you write to us about your
own racism every year in your self evaluation which then becomes fodder for promotion for firing for
all sorts of proceedings and so at the point that this faculty meeting occurred i went to it and
um i stood up and i said i said i've never been afraid to stand before this faculty before but
i have real trepidation about what i'm about to say i then said look i believe my record is strong
enough that i can afford the accusation that i expect to come back but this is a terrible idea
for us we must not vote for this proposal and then we held the vote i think it was 70 to 2
an anonymous vote no not anonymous i think it would have been very different if it had been
anonymous because i was leaving the room within 15 minutes i had three conversations where other
faculty members told me these are tenured faculty members only one of whom was a straight white guy
told me they agreed with me but could not vote their conscience in that room i totally see that
and i thought this is insane these are tenured faculty members there's actually nothing that
can happen to them here and they're safe why can't they vote their conscience my goal one of my
goals is to have diversity equity race be a part of everything it's not what you do at 10 o'clock
on the agenda and then you move on to something else so my question we started talking about
attention that i feel a lot as someone is trying to work on these issues there is white fragility
people do and i'm thinking of faculty choose not to or choose to engage in this they make
that choice how do i acknowledge the horror of racism and know that if i speak at that level
people will leave or not engage the way that you keep them in is the is the you know i'm so
glad you brought that up i've heard that before can you tell me more here's how you know so that
kind of welcoming you them to bring it to you so that you can kind of look at it sometimes just a
question can be really powerful i find it very ironic that she has an amulet on her chest that
is empty i think it's a symbol for the emptiness that she represents and the emptiness of this
idea or yeah i used to i used to see that that way too and then somebody shared this and i you know
so you're just kind of diplomatically but the um the non-cuddling is that you're not letting it
stop you right and that that's the call you're not giving up or going away you're just trying
to figure out how to how to diplomatically keep them in and keeping them in is an interruption
to what they really want to have happen the line about not being able to fire somebody over what
they believe struck me as really poignant um and for this institution relevant and so far as we have
this libertarian ethos where faculty autonomy is really privileged i can't make you agree or
disagree i hate to even use that language of a career disagree but nonetheless um but when you're
here you are required by your job to create an atmosphere in which all children can learn that
idea that this is trying to control people's thinking no but um not addressing these kinds of
attitudes does affect people's abilities to learn that is part of your job it's it's a theoretical
framework just like any other theoretical framework but that's the one that where this this
institution stands behind and that you're going to have to grapple with right so i mean that might
be a great note to end on right so thank you so much
at some point i confront she's awesome she's awesome and i've said you're remaking the college
you haven't left enough time in faculty meetings you're burning up all the time in
faculty meetings on these announcements you have to let us discuss these things and so he arranged
something like six meetings that were supposed to solve this problem where 20 people at a time
could sign up to have a discussion with the president so the email list was the only place
left at which we could access every other member of the faculty and have a discussion
which is why i repeatedly went to the email list and said look we've got a problem we've got
authoritarianism taking over the college this intersectional stuff is dangerous and being deployed
in a way that's a hazard to the core values of the institution and one of the other things that
you said i believe uh was we keep on hearing that we are at an incredibly racist institution
and we have yet to hear any credible evidence for racism here on campus we have a problem with
racism here on campus and we have a problem with other folks not being treated the way that they
should be treated and this isn't going to continue on my watch
the field is the same or asking for a period of inertia there is a canoe
whether ever being stayed college we do diversity well you go get the nation in diversity
but one thing we're not leading the nation in is equity
and what that means is that some of y'all sit in these seats and some of y'all sit in these seats
i've had experiences but it ain't been right
the cost is too high
and the implications are too much it's hilarious because who the hell is this
what life experience does he have that trumps the life experience of all the other people in the room
i'm sure he's not a holocaust survivor i mean who the hell is this guy he's got a pretty god damn
nice suit for being the victim of systemic racism
and at some point in time if this campus is going to stand up for what it espouses to be
needs to say enough is enough i established in charge trying this equity council this
incredible equity council with developing a plan for institutional change how do we have this
footage did they really film it like this did they really film it with such high def i don't know
very many institutions that film with this high def you might have a camera in the back on a tripod
but you see what i'm saying here ladies and gentlemen systemic change that would enable
evergreen to acknowledge and address the equity gaps that are pervasive on our campus
and i want to thank with immense gratitude is that two different camera angles for the work
you've invested the heartbreaking effort you have gone through and for the incredible plan
you have put together please let's all give them the right
so what they changed to another camera there's another camera there's another there's two cameras
on it it was not a forum it was a celebration of the equity plan which had supposedly been
distributed to the faculty but wasn't actually not available to them until i emailed the faculty
with this document you know irony of ironies i'm the one sending out this plan and saying actually
y'all should read this um so the meeting occurs it is a celebration at the celebration architects
of the plan essentially say this plan is going to happen because it is no longer acceptable
that our mission and vision only applies to a few
so as we think about this plan we should be thinking about how are we unscrewing
the screws and it will take many hands to do this to unscrew the structure of institutional racism
we have a beginning to do this and our hope is that we are inviting you and what it is is this
really it's a bizarre inversion very oh i got to get my microphone i hear the rain
shit sorry about that i'm coming right back
it's a severe inversion from and it's very similar to the inversion of the protocols
versus the virus and i think that they've done this with a lot of things in american culture
but the very gist of it is that what you're looking at is a person who hears the whole
of of her experience in life and what the tv and social media has done is convinced her
that almost this entire thing is stained exclusively by systemic racism everything contained within
the experience of her life has been tainted by systemic racism tainted in a way that her own
input to her destiny could never overcome tainted in a way that her own actions can never overcome
tainted in a way that her choices had no effect on
just like people have been led to believe that if this is the total number of people that died
in the last three years the vast majority of them have been killed by covid
it's the exact same illusion that they have gotten you to ask the wrong question how do we fix this
systemic racism that's held me and my people back if you're asking that question then you're
not asking how you can improve yourself and improve your family and improve your day
and improve your habits improve your schools and improve your communities you're asking how to fix
systemic racism which means you're never going to fix a lot of things in the community that need
fixing because you're focused on a non-problem a problem that actually has a lot more to do with
individual choices individual prejudices and individual experiences systemic racism is an illusion
it may be a factor just like wind is a factor when you drive your car down the road but you know
unless the wind's blowing really hard generally speaking wind doesn't affect automobiles
and unless you're really weak I mean really weak sticks and stones may break my bones but
names will never hurt me it's gonna have to be some really loud yelling
and that's what i'm talking about here we need to stop this we need to
they're misleading our children with this mythology about systemic racism being more
important than what they do with their own lives the choices that they make the words that they
say the promises that they make and the promises that they keep
rather than teaching them the stoic stoic idea of thinking about how well you did your day and
making it better tomorrow let's think about how the system holds me back
instead of thinking about driving a car better i'm going to think about all the ways that the
wind is getting in my way you to come along we're going to do it don't get it twisted
but we would like for you to join us on this road on this journey
so we invite you we want more conversation and we know there's much more work to be done
we invite that conversation but if you want to be an obstructionist to work on your own
she's crying
so the charge for them was to do something relatively small from the present and they
go into how we're going to start hiring in the future and how you know just they they go
way beyond what it is mission and just mission leap how about yeah um and some of the things
that they argue some of the things that this plan which we know that no one has seen because
it literally has not been made available even though the claim was that it was available
are things like from now on not just individuals hired to positions need to have an equity
justification but every single position itself needs to have an equity justification
wow which means wow how do you hire a chemist does chemistry have an equity justification
how do you hire an artist who doesn't happen to be engaged in in social justice issues
that's the end of the liberal arts college so is it more important to fight the equity movement
at evergreen state or would it be more important to feature the fact that these other three people
who they're barely showing on the camera have been writing ridiculously false papers in the
social sciences including gender studies and getting them published potentially cracking the
narrative of gender studies and breaking this this hold that they have on academia which is the
the intellectual bedrock upon which this transgender movement in
in our society is based i find this highly disturbing that these people who are doing
such a courageous thing are making a movie about the wine steams and the equity issues
at evergreen instead of the wine steams calling attention to their attack on an entire academic
field or fields and how that would clean up universities around the world certainly around
the united states as opposed to worrying about a bunch of lame-os in in a conch in a college
that's in the middle of nowhere and isn't sending their graduates anywhere of consequence so who
cares why not feature the wonderful work of these other three people who keeps barely getting in
the shot who have written academic papers that are fake which have shown the gender studies as
a field is fake seems like a lot bigger football the spike is the end of liberal arts college right
there right so that is that is one of many things in this document you know i i have i have i have
my we printed it out and i have my hand scrawled like every single page like what are they doing
oh my god so we're gonna do something for you today that we did as a group in in august
and we're going to ask for key stakeholders that are on this campus
to get on board our journey to equity so what i'm going to do first is ask this is the council
our council is large expansive and we're going and we're going to get on a canoe
okay and we're going to get on a canoe what is with the super giant necklace like what's that
is that a is that a cultural thing i don't know the culture that uses big giant plastic black
makelases it's gonna sometimes have fierce weights unbearable headwinds and sometimes
intentional or unintentional extra rocking of the boat because we're not on the same page or on the
same heartbeat the canoe was a metaphor for the journey to this magical land of what they were
calling equity and so the idea i mean the whole thing is almost too preposterous to believe but
with uh distinctly non hospitable to canoe the lady back here this lady is brilliant
she's hilarious she's sharp as a knife and we should make movies about her i think i think
Lindsay's really cool i think this guy over here peat is also really cool and really smart
and i don't really know but it just is very suspicious to me that their work is being overshadowed
by Brett's work in this documentary we're calling equity and so the idea i mean the whole thing is
almost too preposterous to believe but with uh distinctly non hospitable to canoe shots of a rocky
coastline on which waves are breaking heavily and the sound of those waves breaking so if we
can bring this canoe forward so we can make sure it's a straight canoe if we need to have our canoe
john let me know if this is not okay can there be can it be three wide
two wide okay so we got to make this happen i mean the whole thing didn't hang together uh visually
auditorily conceptually mathematically really the canoe was not well thought out
that's really it seems good it's we're sending the college down the river
well i mean you know i did and i must say this is very uncomfortable for me because i think if
there are two populations that really have an extremely strong claim in the u.s. to
consistent structural oppression it's indians and africans people of african origin
yeah especially with love to come on board with the idea of you know a canoe journey to
somewhere but this looked like they had cloaked a freight train in the imagery of a canoe oh hold
on one second um the senior administrators um you have to ask for permission and commit
some things before boarding the canoe so can we step back out
so uh i would like to board the crew because i'm committed to enhancing and furthering
inclusion and equity campus community all school students and staff
faculty and to do that with compassion and kindness
um personally i am committed to making evergreen a more student ready campus and as a provost
i am committing resources help train our faculty become
be able to promote equity inclusion in the classroom and outside the classroom
i carry with me the legacy of boarding schools and i carry with me the legacy
but wouldn't you agree then that that's weird right if james lindsey has published books
and is actually working on this if that lady and pete i apologize i don't remember the other
lady's name are working on this and attacking it from the inside
i don't really understand how we're able to tell this story so well why is this story so well
produced why is there so much good footage with different angles of this stunt
unless it was always intended to be a stunt
unless bret Weinstein might have always been intended to testify in front of the senate
and to be elevated to a status of internet biology equity guy just in time for the start of a
uh biological crisis just in time to have his eighth podcast have sam harris on it in december
of 2019 for them to say that when there comes a particularly deadly pandemic we won't have time
for the anti-vax mentality i'm trying to show you that there is a possibility that this red thread
doesn't run back straight through north carolina and eco-health alliance and nih so much as it runs
straight through peter teal elan musk the intellectual dark web which includes all of those people
and all of the people that they influence and have brought up and have have lifted out of the
algorithmic fog and into prominence as podcasters teo van you know i don't know there's lots of these
mid-level podcasters that all pay homage all the way up to pyramid to the wine steins and rogan
and i'm trying to tell you that this was orchestrated and their rise to prominence
around rogan was orchestrated rogan might have been spontaneous and co-opted by people like
brat wine stein i mean brat wine stein claimed to be the the scientific advisor to joe rogan that
joe rogan calls him he said that to us in the signal chats but there's no question that
something is here and this high level of documentation of this stupid little po-dong college
and it's stupid little equity freak out in whenever this was 2016 is orchestrated
of adoption where's the adoption and i'm here because i refuse i think this is the sound of
wings that they're they're stimulating in the room it's not me and i refuse to let whiteness
consume me and i'm going to say that word explicitly whiteness i refuse i refuse for my mother
i refuse for her mother for my grandfather for my ancestors for my brothers and sisters my
relatives today i refuse i'm here and i commit the position of privilege and power i occupy as
the president of this college to invest in this council its initiatives and its homes
is the hat authentic
i'm sitting there in this room with several hundred other people and i can wow in my mind
almost count the people in the room who understand that something terrible is a foot
who understand that a this is a bizarre way to do this b it's duplicitous they've
they've told us that they're sharing this document they've they've told us that we're going to be
able to discuss it and then they've threatened us for daring to think about questioning it and
so there's a way in which sitting in that room you know i knew that heather was a couple blocks away
and that she would understand this exactly as i did i knew that there was
ah i hesitate to say it but there was a dean in the room who i knew wasn't going to say anything
but he knew how wrong this was and so there's a way in which you just there's a sea of people
engaged in a shared delusion and then there's a few people witnessing the delusion and isolated
unable to exchange words or anything that sense of being alone in a crowd is profound and that
really was how that meeting felt in a crowd of people who are supposed to be your colleagues
yeah who are sleepwalking structural institutionalized inequality or racism right so an anti-racist
frame understands racism as a system while individual players partake in it it's not dependent on
individual players right it's embedded in the fabric of the society in all the institutions
the norms the practices the policies the unbelievable the way that history is told
and the and it functions to ensure an unequal distribution of basically everything between
people of color as a whole and white people as a whole world i had started attending every
faculty and going to every presentation because there were bomb shells dropped every time and
nobody appeared to be tracking all of it if you can just take a moment to look at this image
and look at the two different realities that these students face at the same place
so for folks that are younger don't think this is some distance memory a far far long ago okay
it's about us as faculty and staff but you know what it's also not about you most of the people
who have their mental faculties about them we're learning to avoid these things because every single
one of them put you in a bind i can't emphasize this enough this is not what do you think happened
to Brett Weinstein when he lost his job at Evergreen State have you ever looked it up
was it like me where they just made him go home and live out his contract paid it out and then
ignored him where he could never go on and have a career and since Brett is from a poor family that
doesn't even deserve a note in his is Wikipedia i guess we can assume that he got basically
thrown out on the street right no he settled for a half a million dollars and we don't know what
Heather got so just get rid of it it is not possible to avoid being socialized into a racist
worldview if you're white it's not possible it's coming out as 24 seven the only way to resist
it is to be able to see it and think it through so to deny it is not going to help you i encourage
you to look them up as well marsha p johnson and sylvia ruevera their actions were initially
to throw a heavy weight and a bottle at cops that's a good place oh it is very very different
strategies right one is political organizing another one is uh non-traditional maybe you know
more resistance more violent kind of action and also prayer three different political strategies
through education violence and prayer boy them three different strategies maybe violence
and prayer wow entire of waiting for change to happen they forcefully took the island back
and i tell this story because of first generation students first generation students of color
we all share similar struggles the students are taking a stand they're not powerless they're not
objects in the sense they're subjects in the sense they're powerful they said we're going to have
these conversations one way or another and that administration still said no and then now that
administration ain't there anymore so we'll watch part two some other time
um i i don't i don't think it's not worth our time because it does get interesting at some
point how the the narrative evolves um if you would like to watch Brett Weinstein and Yuri Dagan
i can give you that link here um if you want to watch the original special broadcast of
the drastic from 2021 you can look here and if you want to see the latest jimmy door where he's
having josh getsco um and john rewatching a john campbell episode you can watch it there
um i really think we're making a lot of progress you know it is an illusion of consensus
that they have created and it is the illusion of consensus that we need to get rid of or get
get back from um and so i don't think you can us to underestimate the importance of cracking
this illusion of consensus because the illusion of consensus is everything a consensus that vaccines
are great a consensus that the mRNA it was rushed but it would otherwise have worked even better
a consensus that it's likely a lab leak and they lied about it and the lying about it was actually
the best evidence and that because they lied about it was likely gain a function and so it
will come again and of course by accepting that you're also accepting that we don't always know
how to treat a respiratory disease and doctors don't always know what will work
and that there can be a new cause of death that arrives on the scene and and and sweeps the world
like a fog but we don't need to look at all cause mortality to see it we don't need to learn how the
rest uh the immune system works because it's just antibodies and that's the same way that vaccines
work and by misleading our kids about these stupid with this stupid biological principles
our kids may never come to realize that the vast majority of people that were killed between
2020 and 2023 were killed by protocols and by the transfection rather than by a dangerous novel
virus that was released from a laboratory in Rulon and circulated the globe for three years
but they're growing up thinking that because that's what the universities tell them that's
what the university professors tell them that's what 60 minutes tells them that's what the tv tells
them that's the only stuff that facebook allows and that's what tiktok tells them
tiktok even tells them that their government's responsible for it
and so they have misled our young they have misled us and a planet about the potential for
pandemics and they have misled us by an illusion of consensus nobody disagrees with it even the
dissidents don't disagree and that's what allowed them to get us to focus on solving the mystery
of the Batcave zoneosis instead of considering the fact that we know nothing about the background
signal that this would have found had we rolled out this suite of tests in 2019 and it gets you
distracted from the fact that an endemic coronavirus signal with a PCR test that could find it would
have been enough to roll out deadly protocols and justify the rollout of a
transfection across the world they also could have released released an infectious clone to see that
very sequence around the world and then use that background coronavirus and that non-specific
PCR test to perpetuate it so that they could justify the use of protocols that were murder
and roll out a transfection that wasn't medicine it could have been a transfection agent done
for the same reasons again no virus doesn't make any sense because we know that there are lots
of molecular techniques that could and will transfect can be aerosolized can be applied
and we do know that infectious clones are real coronavirus is not being might not be all
they're cracked up to be many viruses might not be all they're cracked up to be that's very
different than there are no viruses at all
protocols were murder transfection is not medicine they led us to believe something by
getting us to disregard the old cause mortality to accept a test there wasn't really a test
and to ignore the financial incentives that applied that test they don't want you to think
about infectious clones is the only way that they can really use RNA against you because they want
to invert your rights into privileges and they want you to ask for permission for everything
and more importantly they want your kid to ask permission for everything including can I have
my medical data back ladies and gentlemen if you'd like to follow me or communicate with me you can
do that at giggle and biological.com if you scroll down from the front page you can subscribe
and get a notice of when I go on and also occasionally an email which really
is kind of falling dead since I've done my everyday streams where we're going to get
there eventually I'm just building the stream and building the steam if you want to communicate
we also have this thing that's kind of like twitter but it's not just have to put your email in and
then you can start chatting with us there you can read everything without without registering
and if you want to support with a one-time donation you can do that at the front page as well
but that's not necessary the best thing to do would be to share my work so post it everywhere you can
take a screenshot of this particular shot to make sure that everybody understands this is the main
message intramuscular injection or any combination of substances meant to augment the immune system
is dumb and if you want to say it's short and sweet for the current set then just say
transfection is not immunization and we need to stop all of that transfection stuff because they
are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary thanks very much for joining me
guys don't forget about the broken science initiative I have a lot of really cool
I went fast a lot of really cool podcasts and little shorts and Emily's put together so
check them out this has been ging on biological see you guys again tomorrow night boy I'm hungry
and thirsty whoa
so
You